for cheap and reliable coins check out
FIFA Ultimate Team Coins commies the
discount code the m4 a 5% off their
cheap reliable and boy you need to get
your coins from there now terms and
conditions apply
yo how are you guys doing welcome back
to another most expensive now I know I
promised you a most expensive Barcelona
team but I'm also short 5 million coins
because on PlayStation Suarez himself
goes through 11 mil so I'm gonna have to
do that where someone comes into your
kind of puts the money in for you so
whatever anyway so I thought I'd still
get started with another one most
expensive buying Munich team I did this
once before but they weren't team of the
years at that point and now that I can
add a legend left back as well it's
gonna be sick so left wing we went with
inform Ribery
who is not my I'm not the biggest fan of
his on FIFA but still really quick
player on and 5 star skills but I just
can't use him I find him very weak right
wing we have Timothy a Robin who needs
no introduction to be honest Timothy
years don't need introductions because
their stats are crazy then we have two
mini season lavender ski in the striker
position who I love in general I prefers
normal Cod I find his team in the season
a bit iffy at times but anyways and then
we go for CDM Luther Mateus and he is
absolutely amazing his long shots his
passing his dribbling I don't know even
though his dribbling is in the low side
but his pace is in the high side I find
his dribbling honestly amazing anyways
we goat centre attacking mid we won with
Thomas Muller team of the season and
sent the defensive med we went with
Tiago a man of the match and I know
something might be thinking why isn't
someone else there like I mean inform
God say but this is most expensive not
best possible and man of the match Tiago
goes for a hundred and ten K whereas
guts he goes for 85 K so yeah and
Shakira also goes for 75 Kay's inform so
yeah and schweinsteiger is normal but
anyways left back we went to the legend
brave man who has played for Bayern
Munich as well I show you all of the
players the legend sorry their profile
for who they played for and Beckham are
played astonishing 567 games for them
and anyways right back we went with the
legend as well LOM buying legend he's
fantastic
see the records he's broken the things
he's won the thing is done I remember I
watched this one game where he had like
a insane run of passes at the end of the
game they gave him like 387 passes out
of 388 or something like that it was
like the first time anyone's ever done
now something like that
it was crazy then we went to Tim the
seasoned Boateng and sent her back along
with Team of the Year Neuer in that
goalkeeper position out you know how I
always say that I'm gonna choose one do
a top three at the end of this series to
see what my favorite who played the best
I decided to not do that here and say
okay
Bayern is better than the Arsenal one or
whatever or the Brazil one I decided to
do another video at the end of FIFA just
maybe one week towards the end and make
a top five or top 10 of the best most
expensive squads I've done and I think
that would be a good way to round it off
let me know in the comment section below
what you guys think of that and also
since I'm waiting for those people to go
into my account to put the five million
to finish off the barsa squad I will do
the most expensive little pool straight
after this or I might do a top five
so after this than the Liverpool to mix
it up a bit so if we can smash once
again a thousand likes cuz you guys have
been hitting that target that's why I
keep bringing out more expensive squads
for you because you guys smash the
target really quick so we can keep doing
that I see if that you guys enjoyed and
I'll keep doing that anyways yeah so
buying Munich
honestly it's such a well balanced team
levin dosti has paced because of his
team of the season card and he's got it
he's got a tremendous aerial threat the
wingers ribéry I find him weak but he's
really quick which is really important
for a wing and you can do the scoop turn
which is easy to get past people look at
this finesse shot from outside the box
from Muller right-wing robbing team Vere
nice mmm I don't need to talk about him
he's also insanely Pacey
crazy overall stats can do some killer
long shot so the attacking line looks
solid and it is solid midfield Matthias
a CDM with 86 pace says it all on a semi
has gold boots as well what more can you
say but look at that goal from God say I
bring him on as a substitute and what a
goal that was and we went to me the
season Muller who's an all-round strike
a midfielder even complete CDM at times
and that's what you want with the center
tackle mate who can do everything in
that position which is great and the
other center made a Tiago who does his
bid you know he gives a really good
over-the-top through ball great vision
great passing and can have a good long
shot now and then
but honestly God say can't play better
than him in that position but anyways
left-back Brahimi or Bremen
I don't know if I'm saying that right
he's just absolutely fantastic and I
left back or otherwise but I've had burn
out there but honestly a legend is much
better there
Beckenbauer I love him in centre-back
his long passes is just insane as long
passing and whenever you go on all-out
attack he's amazing upfront in goal
anyways and I just loved using him
honest you should watch his videos on
YouTube how we used to play I think he
played midfield as well and he had a
great I forgot and the other Senate Mac
Boateng really fast centre-back solid
strong right back LOM also again you
guys don't need to know about them and
goalkeeper annoy a lot of people don't
like Timothy or Noah but personally I
think he's I think he's fine I I know to
pay well he's dropped a lot but when he
was four mil or three mil he totally
wasn't worth it but pink 400 K or
something through an 80 K it's fine
honestly I really enjoyed using this
team the aerial threat was crazy they're
finishing they're everywhere was so well
balanced and I am gonna say one thing
that compared to all the other most
expensive teams have done their
positioning and the way they're well
balanced and and and tied to the back
and organized there's no team that that
I've used that is more organized than
buying munich most expensive honestly
I'm not gonna say who's the best so far
but you will see it in a top 10 stump at
some point but honestly I guess you can
tell from my voice how much I enjoyed
using this team honestly so I'm sorry I
keep saying honestly a lot i i'm north
decided that a lot in the past but i'll
try to stop
anyways once again if you had a new if
you're new to my channel don't forget to
subscribe and remember FIFA 16 all my
videos will have face cam as well I'm
looking forward to that and try to
introduce more series since I do a lot
of football in real life which I have
another channel linked down below in the
description and House of reviews as well
we'll be continuing on FIFA 16 so yeah I
hope you can't wait for that as well
have a wonderful day
peace